# Almost-Everything-Calculator
A program made using the MIPS Assembly Language. This was a final project for an Assembly Language and Computer Architecture class. The goal of this project was to create a program that performs a large amount of calculations and conversions for values inputted by the user.
This project was aimed towards creating a program that could perform a variety of calculations and a handful of conversions that engaged with user input. The (Almost) Everything Calculator was created in a way so that the user controls which functions or calculations they want to use, what numbers they want to use for said calculations and choosing when to end the program. This is made possible with a menu implemented that shows all available functions available to the user with a corresponding number that, when entered by the user, will allow the program to perform the desired calculation for the user. The main goal was to create a program that featured user defined functions, loops with branching paths, and registry allocation in order to efficiently create a program that calculates and outputs values for the user. I also wanted to give as much information available to the user as possible in the way of printing the values created from each calculation including the values that the user themselves entered into the program. Engaging the user in the program through many prompts for user input allows the user to be engaged with the program and therefore have greater control and information available to them then they normally would through a regular calculator. Of course this project was all about efficiency as well, as we were limited to a certain amount of lines that we were able to write for our program. We had to use as little of our allocated space as possible in order to create a compact program that would fulfill the requirements of our project. 
